Revise docs on ci/cd (#153)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/devops/getting-started.md

- cloud native
- cloud sdk
- sap cloud sdk
- jenkins
- continuous integration
- continuous delivery
- project "piper"
image:
---

## Best DevOps practices at SAP ##

Continuous delivery is a method to develop software with short feedback cycles.
It is applicable to projects both for SAP Cloud Platform and SAP on-premise platforms.

> SAP implements tooling for continuous delivery in project "Piper" and SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP implements tooling for continuous delivery in project "Piper".
The SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery contributes a ready-made continuous delivery pipeline to project "Piper".
```

Reviewer: Maybe also move this newly suggested second sentence below the next one.

The goal of project "Piper" is to substantially ease setting up continuous delivery in your project using SAP technologies.

### SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery ###

> SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery is Open Source and easy to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery is open source and easy to use.
```

> [The GitHub repository](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-s4-sdk-pipeline) contains a Jenkins Pipeline-as-Code that enables development teams to assure a high level of quality on the process as well as code level.

Reviewer: Add one sentence about the benefit: starting quickly with a full pipeline based on configuration.

While the SAP Cloud SDK enables us to build high-quality cloud applications, this pipeline helps to assure high quality on the project level by a set of standard and SDK-specific quality checks.

### Project "Piper" ###

For more information on CI/CD in the SAP ecosytem, please refer to the documentation of [project "Piper"](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library).

> It also holds the [documentation of SAP Cloud SDK for Continuous Delivery](https://sap.github.io/jenkins-library/pipelines/cloud-sdk/introduction/).

Reviewer: This should be more prominent, as it is - besides the introduction - the main message of this page, isn't it?
